docs: clarify `BigInt`s are integers (#37741)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/bigint/index.md

{{JSRef}}

> **`BigInt`** values represent integer values which are [too large](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/MAX_SAFE_INTEGER) to be represented by the `number` {{Glossary("Primitive", "primitive")}}.

Author: ```suggestion
**`BigInt`** values represent integer values which are [too high](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/MAX_SAFE_INTEGER) or [too low](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number/MIN_SAFE_INTEGER) to be represented by the `number` {{Glossary("Primitive", "primitive")}}.
```
